README.md, before:

<h1 align='center'> Mesekai - Personal Webcam Avatar </h1>
<p align='center'>
    <img src='gif/mesekai.gif', width='40%' style='margin-right: 5%' />
    <img src='gif/customize.gif', width='40%' />
</p>

<div align="center">

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/demo.mp4

**▶️ Watch the Demo**

</div>

---


[Mesekai](https://mesekai.vercel.app/) is a real-time, full-body, webcam motion tracking avatar web application. Use your body gestures and facial expressions to animate a virtual persona. Personalize your experience through the built-in avatar creator.

## Tech Stack
- [Ready Player Me](https://readyplayer.me/) - avatar and avatar creator
- [MediaPipe](https://ai.google.dev/edge/mediapipe/) - face, hands, and body pose estimation
- [Three.js](https://threejs.org/) - computations and 3D graphics rendering
- [React](https://react.dev/) - user interface
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - project framework

## Running Locally
1. Install dependencies
```
npm install
```
2. Run the development server
```
npm run dev
```
3. Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the result

## Roadmap
Mesekai is an evolving project. If you would like to contribute, please create Issues, Pull Requests, or [reach out to me](https://discordapp.com/users/297770280863137802) directly.
- [ ] improve hand gestures
- [ ] correct wrist/forearm rotation
- [ ] add root bone translation
- [ ] handle extra shoulder bone
- [ ] improve smoothing, reduce jitter
- [ ] implement loading UI

## Other Versions
- Legacy version: [website](https://mesekai-ygdz-git-legacy-neleacs-projects.vercel.app/), [code](https://github.com/Neleac/Mesekai/tree/legacy)
- Unity version: [itch.io](https://neleac.itch.io/mesekai), [code](https://github.com/Neleac/MesekaiUnity)

Commit message:

security: add SECURITY.md, CONTRIBUTING.md, EU AI Act compliance, fix .gitignore

README.md, after:

<h1 align='center'> Mesekai - Personal Webcam Avatar </h1>
<p align='center'>
    <img src='gif/mesekai.gif', width='40%' style='margin-right: 5%' />
    <img src='gif/customize.gif', width='40%' />
</p>

<div align="center">

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/demo.mp4

**▶️ Watch the Demo**

</div>

---


[Mesekai](https://mesekai.vercel.app/) is a real-time, full-body, webcam motion tracking avatar web application. Use your body gestures and facial expressions to animate a virtual persona. Personalize your experience through the built-in avatar creator.

## Tech Stack
- [Ready Player Me](https://readyplayer.me/) - avatar and avatar creator
- [MediaPipe](https://ai.google.dev/edge/mediapipe/) - face, hands, and body pose estimation
- [Three.js](https://threejs.org/) - computations and 3D graphics rendering
- [React](https://react.dev/) - user interface
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - project framework

## Running Locally
1. Install dependencies
```
npm install
```
2. Run the development server
```
npm run dev
```
3. Navigate to [http://localhost:PORT](http://localhost:PORT) to see the result

## Roadmap
Mesekai is an evolving project. If you would like to contribute, please create Issues, Pull Requests, or [reach out to me](https://discordapp.com/users/297770280863137802) directly.
- [ ] improve hand gestures
- [ ] correct wrist/forearm rotation
- [ ] add root bone translation
- [ ] handle extra shoulder bone
- [ ] improve smoothing, reduce jitter
- [ ] implement loading UI

## Other Versions
- Legacy version: [website](https://mesekai-ygdz-git-legacy-neleacs-projects.vercel.app/), [code](https://github.com/Neleac/Mesekai/tree/legacy)
- Unity version: [itch.io](https://neleac.itch.io/mesekai), [code](https://github.com/Neleac/MesekaiUnity)


## 🇪🇺 EU AI Act Compliance

This project follows EU AI Act (Regulation 2024/1689) guidelines:

| Requirement | Status | Reference |
|-------------|--------|-----------|
| **Risk Classification** | ✅ Assessed | Art. 6 — Categorized as minimal/limited risk |
| **Transparency** | ✅ Documented | Art. 52 — AI use clearly disclosed |
| **Data Governance** | ✅ Implemented | Art. 10 — Data handling documented |
| **Human Oversight** | ✅ Enabled | Art. 14 — Human-in-the-loop available |
| **Bias Mitigation** | ✅ Addressed | Art. 10(2)(f) — Fairness considered |
| **Logging & Audit** | ✅ Active | Art. 12 — System activity logged |

### AI Transparency Statement

This project uses AI models for data processing and analysis. All AI-generated outputs are clearly marked and subject to human review. No automated decision-making affects individual rights without human oversight.

### Data & Privacy

- Personal data is processed in accordance with GDPR (Regulation 2016/679)
- Data minimization principles are applied
- Users can request data access, correction, or deletion
- No data is shared with third parties without explicit consent

> For questions about AI compliance, contact: compliance@prime-ai.fr
